---
layout: post
title: NYT Article!
---

Who knew reading an article online can be so much fun. After all I’m one of those people who swears that books are not dead. Upon reading The New York Times (NYT): A Game of Shark and Minnow I have to reconsider what technology can do for readers. I think what I like about books is the fact that I can interact with the pages in different ways from highlighting to folding pages, something you can’t do when you are reading online. 

If only online articles and e-books somehow became interactive like the NYT article it would win me over. The NYT article is great in many ways, the content is good, the visuals are amazing, and the layout is easy to follow. These characteristics create an experience that doesn’t rely purely on the reader’s imagination, while reading from a white piece of paper electronically or not does. The NYT article manages to create an experience with the visuals, the sound, and the content for their readers. What is great about this interactive article is that readers no longer have to imagine anything because is there. 

Another great thing about this article is how is designed to display correctly in multiple devices without losing its essence. Although I missed the parallax scrolling effect when browsing in mobile I understand why it was omitted. Overall the article page is well balanced and well designed, which allows the viewer to fully enjoy the art of reading without much trouble.

-[NYT: A Game of Shark and Minnow](http://www.nytimes.com/newsgraphics/2013/10/27/south-china-sea/) 
