---
layout: post
title: SMACCS!
---

SMACCS is an interesting concept that has potential to do good.  I think web developers nowadays are getting very serious about the way they code. Perhaps because many of them find themselves at some point making changes to sites they didn’t code themselves. Lets face it coding takes time and if a shortcut makes you life easier why not! SMACCS recommendations gives meaning and value to various CSS styles, and the best part is that you can built from that. With SMACCS naming convention you no longer ran out of ideas on how to name your classes because everything is associated to something that means something. 

E.G.
For a module which hold the content within the layout

module: 
```
.<name>
```

sub module
```
.<name> .<name>-<state>
```

SMACCS naming conventions makes it easier to identify what type of rule you are dealing in a quick glance. 

I guess I only wonder how SMACCS would be implemented in a framework like bootstrap or foundation. I guess you can strip the unnecessary content from the framework and format the left over code with SMACCS, but I mean is it worth it?

Overall I believe SMACCS is a pretty cool concept! I like the fact that my code can actually mean something more than just plain code. I also enjoyed reading about the principles SMACCS has laid out and I agree with them. I think now is the time to make a better web not only for the web users but also for the people who make the web possible. Like everything SMACCS perhaps would need some improvement along the way, I supposed I cant really tell what those improvements can be because I haven’t really used SMACCS in my projects long enough to say if there’s something wrong with it.  
