---
layout: post
title: Sass: css pre-processors
---

Not so long ago I learned about CSS and it's amazing capacities. Now I'm exposed to CSS pre-processors and I wonder are they any good? Would they decrease my work time in any way? Would I be able to work with them efficiently without breaking my head in two? 

As I play with sass one of the most popular CSS pre processor out there I’m discovering a whole different world. Learning how to use sass in the beginning was a challenge because I had to go through several steps before I was able to use sass in my machine. Installing a CSS pre processor was somewhat of a challenge because I hardly use the command line, which is necessary to use in order to get Sass or other CSS processor to work. After you finally get the CSS processor install you have to learn how to use it, for example you have to learn how to write the functions and variables that would do the things you expect it to do. Which led me to con number one: if you barely understand variables and function, sass will be somewhat of a challenge. However there are a lot of resources out in the web that may help you work with sass so that kind of fixes that little problem. After you overcome those initial hurdles you will find Sass easy to use. 

The wonderful thing about sass is that is has powerful capabilities like nesting which allows you to nest multiple elements in a smart and efficient way. Sass also uses variable, which you can reuse across your style sheets without having to rewrite the same styles multiple times. 

Overall after you get over the initial shock these CSS processor may inflict on you and get used to the format and style of work these processors may cause for you I think you will find these CSS processors quite useful. Although I haven’t really made up my mind completely about these processors so far I like how they work. 
