---
layout: post
title: Web apps vs Native apps
---
One of the things I really enjoy about web development is how fast paced the field is. Everyday a new technology is being developed which makes the web an exiting place to discover ideas and concepts that could potentially inspired a web developer to create something great. HTML5 and CSS3 are two technologies that are becoming increasingly powerful with the addition of other languages this combo has the power to create web apps that can compete with native apps in a near future. However, it seems to me based on the reading I’ve done regarding this topic that the battles versus web apps and native apps is increasingly becoming a one sided battle. I believe that many developers based on my observations are people who do not like to be control in any way, shape, or form. Many developers who defend web apps argue that web apps are better because they have more control of what they can do with their product. As opposed to a native app that the app store and the user have more control of the application more than what the developer would of liked. If the user does not update the application then the app can become unresponsive in the user device while a web app can be updated constantly and the user wouldn’t know. Ultimately I think it all comes down to money, control, and workload. Lets face it no one wants to put in extra work for a couple of bucks more, it doesn’t make sense to do so. Personally, as a user I enjoy what a native app does for me, I like the fact that I can download the application in my phone and access the app by touching the icon in my home screen. As I developer I would love to have more control over what I develop and so I would argue that web apps is the way to go. As of now I have to say that native apps are winning the battle do to how the world is using the web currently. If developers find a way to make web apps more accessible to the user then maybe perhaps web apps may have a chance of competing with native apps. 
I honestly think it would be beneficial to learn how to develop for both web and native apps. I mean, learning how to code in HTML5, and CSS3 is not difficult at all.  However, if I had to choose one I would advice someone to learn how to develop for web apps because the same technology being used to develop such apps can be use to develop web pages as well. 

Overall, I believe the one winning this battle is the user because the user is the one who decides what fails and what becomes a hit. Our job as developers depend on what the consumer wants and it’s asking for we can only pray that the user understand what’s best.  


 
